React Effects and Fetch: Pokemon API challenge (#181)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/react-effects-and-fetch/pokemon-api/README.md

# React Effects and Fetch: Pokémon API

This app should load and display a list of Pokémon.

## Task

Open the file [`src/components/PokemonList.js`](./src/components/PokemonList.js).

> For now the Pokémon are only fetched when we click the button below. Lets change the code such our app does this automatically when the app renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now the Pokémon are only fetched when we click the button below. Let's change the code so that our app does this automatically when the app renders.
```
